Entry 1
April 2nd
10:44 pm


Dear Diary,

A few days ago my little sister was born. Mom and Dad are exhausted, and rightfully so. There’s been unusual tension between them lately. I think they might be drifting apart. It’s not surprising though. After all, 50% of first marriages fail. 


Entry 2
April 5th
9:56 pm


Dear Diary,

I can’t help that ever since starting my new job I feel that there may be more to this than what I was led to believe. When Rob first introduced himself to me, he congratulated me on my new sister, but then he mentioned my “dear mother”. Ever since I’ve had this uneasy pit in my stomach that won’t go away. Rob scares me a little bit. His emails are intimidating– almost threatening in some ways. For instance, he implied that I should learn not to ask too many questions. But how much does he know about my family? Oops… that’s a question. If I’m going to keep this job I should learn to keep some of them to myself until I figure out what’s going on.



Entry 3
April 8th
11:39 pm


Dear Diary,

Is imposter syndrome real? I started wondering if I’m good enough to be working for the FBI. What makes me more qualified than all the candidates? Sometimes I wonder about how employers determine the deciding factor. What if someone’s application was identical to mine. Like, same level of experience, same school, same GPA. Would they just eenie meanie miny moe it? 

On the other hand I could imagine that it’s stressful. Not choosing someone just because of circumstance.



Entry 4
April 12th
8:47 pm


Dear Diary,

I woke up at 4am and went for a long run to clear my head. It’s interesting how empty it is that early. I only spotted a few cars in the neighborhood. 4am might be my favorite time of day. One can appreciate the color of the dark but luminated dark sky. It’s not quite black, but not quite blue either. It’s almost ethereal. When my sister gets old enough I could show her. We could stay up all night and watch the sun come up.

sunrise.jpg


Entry 5
April 15th
9:10 pm


Dear Diary, 

I’m feeling a bit down today, so I’ll do what I usually do. Here's a list of things I’m grateful for:

My family
Sunsets
The number 4
Meals with people I care about
My strong sense of morals
My ability to adapt to hard situations



Entry 6
April 17th
11:18 pm


Dear Diary,

I was in line for a coffee and the guy behind me started talking about how bad caffeine is for you. Ironic. But then it had me thinking, why do I choose to drink coffee every morning before work? Do I actually need it or do I just think I need it because everyone else does it. What if none of us need it? What if caffeine isn’t even real and we just think it is because some big corporation just wanted money. What if it’s just the Mandela Effect?



Entry 7
April 18th
9:36 pm


Dear Diary,

I started rewatching my favorite childhood shows about mermaids. I used to be so obsessed with those creatures. When I was 9, I would make “mermaid potions” in the bathroom sink. My mom caught me and started chuckling to herself. Then she told me that I didn’t need to be a mermaid because I’m already going to have a long and adventurous life. This was one of my favorite memories. I hope my little sister likes mermaids too. I hope I can create that kind of memory for her.



Entry 8
April 21st
9:20 pm


Dear Diary,

I decided I should document more of my life in these entries. Obviously I can’t include any of the top secret information from my job, but hopefully I can hint at some stuff so that if someone reads this in the future (which I doubt will happen), they can know what I was like. It’s crazy how when we leave this world the marks we left on them don’t disappear.

I should make a time capsule or something. I’m going to bury it in my parents' backyard. I’ll open it 20 years from now.



Entry 9
April 24th
8:30 pm


Dear Diary,

Did you know a cyber attack happens every 39 seconds? I’ve been feeling compelled to document more things about my life which is why I started writing to you every day. But is this a waste of time? I spend all this time writing to myself, but isn’t thinking enough? If you really think about it, thinking to yourself is like talking to yourself without the risk of anyone else hearing. Maybe more people should think about having an encrypted diary. People can be very desperate for information.  


Entry 10
April 26th
8:05 pm

Dear Diary,

Rob and I met in person for the first time. I might have been overthinking the whole thing. He’s a lot friendlier in person. I feel like people don’t feel real until you really meet them, you know? Like Rob was just a name in my inbox, but after seeing a picture of him and his family in his office, it made him feel a lot more real. Like he has his own life outside of his job. 

Speaking of jobs, I hope I don’t get too caught up in my work. Some people turn their work into their life, then get carried away until it consumes them. Crazy how we spend our whole lives working. I hope I don’t become one of those people who work until they die. 



Entry 11
April 29th
11:40 pm

Dear Diary,

My first day at my new job was exciting. I don’t know what I was expecting. The people here seem to really care about the work they're doing, and I think I can make a difference here. At my last job I didn’t really feel valued, but already I can sense something is different here. In a good way.

Like I said before, I should refrain from getting lost in my work. Family is important, and I don’t want my little sister to grow up without a lot of memories of me. I’ll try and make as many as possible before she grows up and decides she’s too cool to hang out with her big sister.



Entry 12
May 2nd
7:45 pm 

Dear Diary,

I tried Rob’s go-to smoothie place. It was borderline terrible. They use all-natural ingredients and no sugar, so it had no flavor whatsoever. Also I’m pretty confident it’s 100% vegan. There was no whole milk, just almond, soy, and whatnot. Worst part: the smoothie was 10 dollars. 10 dollars for a smoothie with no flavor. I guess this is what FBI agents resort to to stay in the best shape. 



Entry 13
May 3rd
9:50 pm

Dear Diary,

My workroom is already an absolute mess. I’ve been so focused on the change that’s happening in my life that I haven’t set aside any time to clean it. Also, why do FBI agents always use red string in the movies? Everything is digital. It doesn’t make sense that they’re portrayed that way. There’s no way a picture can encapsulate everything involved in a case. You need databases for that.



Entry 14
May 7th
11:00 pm

Dear Diary,

I woke up at 2am because I started having nightmares about a black box. Ominous, I know. The dream would start like this: I would open the mail and the box would be there, surrounding the entire mailbox. For some reason I grabbed it and brought it to work with me the next morning. Then, I would leave it on my workstation and go buy one of those terrible smoothies, to realize that it was actually a bomb after it exploded and left the building in flames. 

Although that terrible pit in my stomach causes me to wake up, I keep wondering what would happen if I stayed in the dream. I wonder if they’d find who framed me.

Or maybe I knew it was a bomb and planted it on purpose.



Entry 15
May 10th

Dear Diary,

The work that I’m doing here is more important than I thought. I mean, I thought it was important, but now that it’s been a few weeks I can say the mood has changed. 


Entry 16
May 12th
10:19 pm

Dear Little Sister,

I hope that you see this one day. It was getting a little challenging staying consistent with these entries, but I’m convinced now more than ever that I have to. There’s a lot to talk about. That weird feeling in my gut came back. They started running experiments. They had me sign a contract so I’m not allowed to talk about it. I guess it doesn’t count if I’m writing to someone who can’t even talk yet. I don’t have all the details yet, but when I do I’ll tell you about them here.

 
